the smn contreiras and I'm going to make a
functional tapioca with sweet filling
Now I'm going to prepare the tapioca pasta.
and to make it functional and
to use a spoon of coconut in chips
increases the amount of fiber and fat
good and two tablespoons of tapioca paste
If you need it you can help spread it.
with the spoon but without pressing any
because otherwise it gets very dry
now you put the fire down to put the
stuffing I'll use banana and banana and
I took a little in the microwave for her
get softer
if you want you can by cinnamon
little antioxidant takes away
to eat sweet put a little bit of
nuts that have good fat and some splinters
semisweet chocolate the more
chocolate cocoa has more antioxidant
it is easy to come to remove
I'm going to make the tapioca filling with
I also put it in the microwave for
30 seconds to let the mass of the
tapioca with more nutritional value and
I'll add aquino influx a spoon
only for two of the gum
tapioca will now put the filling to
apple slices heated in the microwave
gourd and hydrated water
stay soft and look hot
Do you want a little honey?
if you want you can also put a
little bit of cake, just fold it ready
sweet strawberry tapioca and banana apple
chocolate